Auto format code on non-protected branches. (#1208)
collective/icalendar: CHANGES.rst

Minor changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> - Pull requests from remote forks are formatted automatically. :pr:`1208`

Reviewer: "Pull requests from remote forks are formatted automatically" is inaccurate. The `push` event only fires for pushes directly to `collective/icalendar` branches. When a fork contributor pushes to their fork, the push event fires in the fork, not in upstream. This workflow won't format fork PRs.
```suggestion
- Branches pushed to the repository are formatted automatically with ruff. :pr:`1208`
```
